Release process and GitHub Action to release a NuGet packages, based on tags. (#184)
apache/pulsar-dotpulsar: docs/release-process.md

## Versioning
Bump up the version number as follows.

* Major version (e.g. 2.8.0 => 3.0.0)
    * Changes that break backward compatibility
* Minor version (e.g. 2.8.0 => 2.9.0)
    * Backward compatible new features
* Patch version (e.g. 2.8.0 => 2.8.1)
    * Backward compatible bug fixes

## Steps in detail

**In these instructions, I'm referring to an fictitious release `X.X.X`. Change the release version in the examples accordingly with the real version.**

1. Update the version and tag of a package.

Update the information of the new release in the `DotPulsar.csproj` and `CHANGELOG.md` files and send a PR for with the changes.

Be sure to make the commit message `Make ready for release X.X.X-rc-X`

2. Create a GitHub prerelease.

Browse to https://github.com/apache/pulsar-dotpulsar/releases/new

Create a tag `X.X.X-rc-X`

Create a release title: `DotPulsar X.X.X-rc-X`

Generated release notes.

Make sure the `Set as a pre-release` checkbox is checked!

Publish the release.

3. Download the source code.

Browse to https://github.com/apache/pulsar-dotpulsar/releases to download the source code in tar.gz.

> Browse to https://www.nuget.org/packages/DotPulsar/X.X.X-rc-X to download the nuget file(It can take up to 5 minutes for nuget to have the package show up).

Reviewer: We don't publish the nuget file to SVN. So you can add this link message to the vote mail template for verifier to use.

Author: Ah good idea. I have moved the link to the vote email template :)

Author: I have also added a link to the nuget in the ANNOUNCE email

4. Sign and stage the artifacts

The src artifact need to be signed and uploaded to the dist SVN repository for staging.

```
$ gpg -b --armor pulsar-dotpulsar-X.X.X-src.tar.gz
$ shasum -a 512 pulsar-dotpulsar-X.X.X-src.tar.gz > pulsar-dotpulsar-X.X.X-src.tar.gz.sha512 
```

Checkout repo for uploading artifacts
```
$ svn co https://dist.apache.org/repos/dist/dev/pulsar pulsar-dist-dev
$ cd pulsar-dist-dev
```

Create a candidate directory at the root repo
```
$ svn mkdir pulsar-dotpulsar-X.X.X-rc-1
$ cd pulsar-dotpulsar-X.X.X-rc-1
```

Copy the signed artifacts into the rc directory and commit
```

> $ cp ../apache-pulsar-dotpulsar-0.X.0-* .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$ cp ../apache-pulsar-dotpulsar-X.X.X-* .
```

?

Maybe you can define a env var and use it following. Like `opendal_version` in [this page](https://opendal.apache.org/community/committers/release).

Author: I have changed 
$ cp ../apache-pulsar-dotpulsar-0.X.0-* .
to
$ cp ../apache-pulsar-dotpulsar-X.X.X-* .

[ ] +1, Approve the release
[ ] -1, Do not approve the release (please provide specific comments)

This is the release candidate for DotPulsar, version X.X.X.

DotPulsar's KEYS file contains PGP keys we used to sign this release:
https://dist.apache.org/repos/dist/dev/pulsar/KEYS

Please download these packages and review this release candidate:
- Review release notes
- Download the source package (verify shasum, and asc) and follow the
README.md to build and run DotPulsar.

The vote will be open for at least 72 hours. It is adopted by majority approval, with at least 3 PMC affirmative votes.

Source file:
https://dist.apache.org/repos/dist/dev/pulsar/pulsar-dotpulsar-X.X.X-rc-1/

The tag to be voted upon:
X.X.X
https://github.com/apache/pulsar-dotpulsar/tree/X.X.X-rc-1

SHA-512 checksums:
97bb1000f70011e9a585186590e0688586590e09  pulsar-dotpulsar-X.X.X-src.tar.gz
```

The vote should be open for at least 72 hours (3 days). Votes from Pulsar PMC members will be considered binding, while anyone else is encouraged to verify the release and vote as well.

If the release is approved here, we can then proceed to the next step.

6. Promote the release.

> 

Reviewer: Send a `[RESULT][VOTE]` to conclude the result.

Ref - https://kvrocks.apache.org/community/vote-a-core-developer/#feedback-on-voting-results

Author: I'll add that right now

Author: @tisonkun When looking at the link you provided. That is a summary of a vote for a new committer or PMC. Not a summary of a release vote ?

Reviewer: This should be the correct link - https://kvrocks.apache.org/community/create-a-release#kvrocks-community-vote

Author: I have added a summary of vote, step 👍

[RESULT][VOTE] Release Apache DotPulsar X.X.X

The vote to release Apache DotPulsar X.X.X has passed.

The vote PASSED with xxx binding +1 and 0 -1 votes:

Binding votes:
- Yuan Wang
- tison
- hulk
- Liang Chen
- Jean-Baptiste Onofré
- Xiaoqiao He
- donghui liu

Vote thread:

https://lists.apache.org/thread/XXX

Thank you to all the above members to help us to verify and vote for the X.X.X release.

Thanks
```

7. Promote the release.

Promote the artifacts on the release location (need PMC permissions):
```
svn move -m "release 0.X.0" https://dist.apache.org/repos/dist/dev/pulsar/pulsar-dotpulsar-X.X.X-rc-1 \
         https://dist.apache.org/repos/dist/release/pulsar/pulsar-dotpulsar-X.X.X
Remove the old releases (if any). We only need the latest release there, older releases are available through the Apache archive:
```

Get the list of releases
```
svn ls https://dist.apache.org/repos/dist/release/pulsar | grep dotpulsar
```

Delete each release (except for the last one)
```
svn rm https://dist.apache.org/repos/dist/release/pulsar/pulsar-dotpulsar/pulsar-dotpulsar-X.X.X
``` 

8. Create a GitHub release.

Browse to https://github.com/apache/pulsar-dotpulsar/releases/new

> If the head of the master branch have moved and therefor the last commit is not named `Make ready for release X.X.X-rc-X`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the head of the master branch has moved and therefore the last commit is not named `Make ready for release X.X.X-rc-X`.
```
